Starlight Astro Documentation Site Build 
1. In the current directory there are two folders - ( reports/ - referred to as research ) and (isr1/ - doksite)
2. Read and analyze all the information in the research folder for the purpose of using this information to build the doksite
3. in the doksite the 00-master-report from research will be the firs section and then the rest of the sections will follow
4. In the doksite you must collect all the references in research and then put them all in a new section called references, ensuring there is correct crosslinking of references, you will also notice that there is a 800-authoratative-source-registry markdown file, this will also be in the references section , analyze this also and ensure this is cross reference linking from the actual sections
5. Each section of the doksite should be logicall numbered , when reading each section, in the center pane make sure the heading of the section is numbered add a glow to it , then the subsequent subsections area also numbered ( colored slight glow) ensure that all the reference links work, also the subsections will appear in the righ pane and that should also be numbered ( check linking and jump)
6. The actuak doksite which is an astro documentation site, i want the center reading pane to be the widest, and the left and right pane to be narro , but not too narrow
7. Theme of the site with futuristic fonts and style optimized for reading it will be bluish green syntheave aesthetic agin optimized for reading
8. The home page of the astro site should be very attractive should have important details about the research including sectiona and their summaries , ensure the layout and buttons are correct
9. The whole site shold also be a PWA, and make og image favicon and other icons that match the theme and content of the site, wheb building this ensure that the links all work , including burger menu in PWA mode, also in desktop mode audit layout ensure nothing braks while scrolling etc
10. IN both the desktop and pwa mode , if the tables or diagrams are too wide make it side scrollable , also dont scrunch the tables such that ech column displayes only a few letters, but make it readable 
11. When the whole site is built then make then make a new section that has details about the whole site build which includes total tokens used , token metrics , billable tokens , etc, and then use teh website benchlm to fetch the prices of the top 10 USA models and TOP 10 Chinese models released this year and calculate what the cost could have been for buiulding the site , sort the table and extract insights, this setion will be in the format of an executive report for th Enginerring Manager, CFO and CTO and CEO